README.md, before:

# :beers: eCommerce Graduate project

Welcome to **BrewPort** eCommerce project. This project is a graduation work developed as part of the JavaScript/Front-end course at RSScool.

## :pencil: Describe

## :dart: Goal

## :hammer_and_wrench: Stack
- **[React](https://react.dev/)** - The JavaScript library that is used to build the user interface
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)** - Type safety and enhanced developer experience
- **[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)** - Lightning fast build tool with HMR
- **[Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)** - Blazing fast unit testing
- **[PostCSS](https://postcss.org/)** - Modern CSS processing
- **[Ant Design](https://ant.design/)** - CSS-in-JS technology to provide dynamic & mix theme ability
- **Code Quality**:
  - [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) - Code lintingCSS-in-JS technology to provide dynamic & mix theme ability.
  - [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) - Style linting
- **Git Hooks**:
  - [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/) - Git hooks made easy
  - [lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged) - Run linters on git staged files

## :arrow_forward: Scripts

- `npm run start`          - Starts the development server provided by Vite for local development
- `npm run build`          - Compiles TypeScript files and creates an optimized production build with Vite
- `npm run lint`           - Runs ESLint to analyze the code
- `npm run lint:fix`       - Runs ESLint with automatic fixing enabled, correcting fixable issues
- `npm run preview`        - Starts a local server to preview the production build of the project
- `npm run prepare`        - Initializes Husky, enabling Git hooks to run scripts
- `npm run ts-lint`        - Runs the TypeScript compiler in check types and catch errors without emitting files

## :file_folder: Project Structure

```
ecommerce/
├── .github/               # GitHub workflows and configurations
├── .husky/                # Git hooks configurations
├── .vscode/               # VS Code settings and recommendations
└── src/                   # Source code directory
    ├── assets/            # Static assets such as images, fonts, icons used in the application
    └── entities/
      ├── api/             # API service modules for server communication and data fetching
      ├── lib/             # Utility libraries and helper functions related to entities
      └── model/           # Data models and TypeScript interfaces/types representing domain entities
    └── shared/config/     # Shared configuration files and constants used across the application
    └── styles/            # Global styles, CSS/SCSS files, and theming resources
    ├── App.tsx            # Root React component that sets up the application's structure and routing
    ├── main.tsx           # Entry point of the application, rendering App and initializing the app
    └── vite-env.d.ts      # TypeScript declaration file for Vite environment variables
├── .gitignore             # Files and directories ignored by Git version control
├── .swcrc                 # Configuration file for SWC (Speedy WebAssembly Compiler) used for code transpilation
├── commitlint.config.js   # Configuration for commit message linting to enforce consistent commit standards
├── eslint.config.js       # ESLint configuration for code quality and style
├── index.html             # Main HTML file serving as the entry point for the web application
├── lint-staged.config.js  # Configuration for lint-staged to run linters on staged Git files before commits
├── package-lock.json      # Lockfile for dependencies, ensuring consistent installs
├── package.json           # Metadata, scripts, and dependencies for the project
├── postcss.config.js      # Configuration for PostCSS
├── tsconfig.app.json      # TypeScript configuration specific to the application's source code
├── tsconfig.json          # Root TypeScript configuration, including project-wide compiler options
├── tsconfig.node.json     # TypeScript configuration tailored for Node.js environment
└── vitest.config.ts       # Configuration file for Vitest
```

## :rocket: Getting started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js >= 18.0.0
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ViktoriaKondrashova1/eCommerce.git
cd ecommerce
```
2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```
3. Start application:

```bash
npm run start
```

Commit message:

docs: add goals of project

README.md, after:

# :beers: eCommerce Graduate Project

Welcome to **BrewPort** eCommerce project. This project is a graduation work developed as part of the JavaScript/Front-end course at RSScool.

## :pencil: Describe

## :dart: Goals

:white_check_mark: Setup project and CommerceTools integration
- setting up the repository
- organizing the task board
- integrating with CommerceTools to establish the API client
- configuring the development environment

:white_check_mark: Login, Registration, and Main Pages Implementation
- implementing the login and registration features
- managing user authentication state
- saving the authentication token
- setting up navigation between pages

:white_check_mark: Catalog Product, Detailed Product, and User Profile Pages Implementation
- implementing the Catalog Product page
- implementing the Detailed Product page
- implementing the User Profile page

:white_check_mark: Detailed Product Page Enhancement, Basket Page, Catalog Page Enhancement, and About Us Page Implementation
- improving the Detailed Product page
- building the Basket page
- improving the Catalog page
- implementing the About Us page

## :hammer_and_wrench: Stack
- **[React](https://react.dev/)** - The JavaScript library that is used to build the user interface
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)** - Type safety and enhanced developer experience
- **[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)** - Lightning fast build tool with HMR
- **[Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)** - Blazing fast unit testing
- **[PostCSS](https://postcss.org/)** - Modern CSS processing
- **[Ant Design](https://ant.design/)** - CSS-in-JS technology to provide dynamic & mix theme ability
- **Code Quality**:
  - [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) - Code lintingCSS-in-JS technology to provide dynamic & mix theme ability.
  - [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) - Style linting
- **Git Hooks**:
  - [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/) - Git hooks made easy
  - [lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged) - Run linters on git staged files

## :arrow_forward: Scripts

- `npm run start`          - Starts the development server provided by Vite for local development
- `npm run build`          - Compiles TypeScript files and creates an optimized production build with Vite
- `npm run lint`           - Runs ESLint to analyze the code
- `npm run lint:fix`       - Runs ESLint with automatic fixing enabled, correcting fixable issues
- `npm run preview`        - Starts a local server to preview the production build of the project
- `npm run prepare`        - Initializes Husky, enabling Git hooks to run scripts
- `npm run ts-lint`        - Runs the TypeScript compiler in check types and catch errors without emitting files

## :file_folder: Project Structure

```
ecommerce/
├── .github/               # GitHub workflows and configurations
├── .husky/                # Git hooks configurations
├── .vscode/               # VS Code settings and recommendations
└── src/                   # Source code directory
    ├── assets/            # Static assets such as images, fonts, icons used in the application
    └── entities/
      ├── api/             # API service modules for server communication and data fetching
      ├── lib/             # Utility libraries and helper functions related to entities
      └── model/           # Data models and TypeScript interfaces/types representing domain entities
    └── shared/config/     # Shared configuration files and constants used across the application
    └── styles/            # Global styles, CSS/SCSS files, and theming resources
    ├── App.tsx            # Root React component that sets up the application's structure and routing
    ├── main.tsx           # Entry point of the application, rendering App and initializing the app
    └── vite-env.d.ts      # TypeScript declaration file for Vite environment variables
├── .gitignore             # Files and directories ignored by Git version control
├── .swcrc                 # Configuration file for SWC (Speedy WebAssembly Compiler) used for code transpilation
├── commitlint.config.js   # Configuration for commit message linting to enforce consistent commit standards
├── eslint.config.js       # ESLint configuration for code quality and style
├── index.html             # Main HTML file serving as the entry point for the web application
├── lint-staged.config.js  # Configuration for lint-staged to run linters on staged Git files before commits
├── package-lock.json      # Lockfile for dependencies, ensuring consistent installs
├── package.json           # Metadata, scripts, and dependencies for the project
├── postcss.config.js      # Configuration for PostCSS
├── tsconfig.app.json      # TypeScript configuration specific to the application's source code
├── tsconfig.json          # Root TypeScript configuration, including project-wide compiler options
├── tsconfig.node.json     # TypeScript configuration tailored for Node.js environment
└── vitest.config.ts       # Configuration file for Vitest
```

## :rocket: Getting started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js >= 18.0.0
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ViktoriaKondrashova1/eCommerce.git
cd ecommerce
```
2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```
3. Start application:

```bash
npm run start
```
